hoodie:The Offical Tanya Singh Hoodie:The Official Tanya Singh Hoodie is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose hoodie is great for all occasions. Wear it on the first day of school, to your next job interview, to the doctor’s office - the options are endless! Tanya’s friendly smile will make anyone’s day! Make a stranger’s day by flashing them your new hoodie! Everyone and their neighbors will be jealous of your merch. Buy them while they’re still available! Only available for a limited time.:3782:$45
sweatshirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Hoodie:The Official Tanya Singh Hoodie is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose hoodie is great for all occasions. Wear it on the first day of school, to your next job interview, to the doctor’s office - the options are endless! Tanya’s friendly smile will make anyone’s day! Make a stranger’s day by flashing them your new hoodie! Everyone and their neighbors will be jealous of your merch. Buy them while they’re still available! Only available for a limited time.:3782:$45
hood:The Offical Tanya Singh Hoodie:The Official Tanya Singh Hoodie is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose hoodie is great for all occasions. Wear it on the first day of school, to your next job interview, to the doctor’s office - the options are endless! Tanya’s friendly smile will make anyone’s day! Make a stranger’s day by flashing them your new hoodie! Everyone and their neighbors will be jealous of your merch. Buy them while they’re still available! Only available for a limited time.:3782:$45
tshirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose t-shirt allows for full function and access, regardless of the occasion. Wear it to your child’s chorus concert, your dentist appointment, or even your next hot steamy date! ;) (Disclaimer: Individuals tend to get jealous after seeing the shirt - be careful). The red color symbolizes courage and expresses your love for life. A great Yankee Swap / Secret Santa Present! Buy it while supplies last.:91283:$15
t-shirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose t-shirt allows for full function and access, regardless of the occasion. Wear it to your child’s chorus concert, your dentist appointment, or even your next hot steamy date! ;) (Disclaimer: Individuals tend to get jealous after seeing the shirt - be careful). The red color symbolizes courage and expresses your love for life. A great Yankee Swap / Secret Santa Present! Buy it while supplies last.:91283:$15
short sleeve:The Offical Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose t-shirt allows for full function and access, regardless of the occasion. Wear it to your child’s chorus concert, your dentist appointment, or even your next hot steamy date! ;) (Disclaimer: Individuals tend to get jealous after seeing the shirt - be careful). The red color symbolizes courage and expresses your love for life. A great Yankee Swap / Secret Santa Present! Buy it while supplies last.:91283:$15
shortsleeve:The Offical Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose t-shirt allows for full function and access, regardless of the occasion. Wear it to your child’s chorus concert, your dentist appointment, or even your next hot steamy date! ;) (Disclaimer: Individuals tend to get jealous after seeing the shirt - be careful). The red color symbolizes courage and expresses your love for life. A great Yankee Swap / Secret Santa Present! Buy it while supplies last.:91283:$15
short sleeve tshirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose t-shirt allows for full function and access, regardless of the occasion. Wear it to your child’s chorus concert, your dentist appointment, or even your next hot steamy date! ;) (Disclaimer: Individuals tend to get jealous after seeing the shirt - be careful). The red color symbolizes courage and expresses your love for life. A great Yankee Swap / Secret Santa Present! Buy it while supplies last.:91283:$15
short:The Offical Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose t-shirt allows for full function and access, regardless of the occasion. Wear it to your child’s chorus concert, your dentist appointment, or even your next hot steamy date! ;) (Disclaimer: Individuals tend to get jealous after seeing the shirt - be careful). The red color symbolizes courage and expresses your love for life. A great Yankee Swap / Secret Santa Present! Buy it while supplies last.:91283:$15
shortsleevetshirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Short Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose t-shirt allows for full function and access, regardless of the occasion. Wear it to your child’s chorus concert, your dentist appointment, or even your next hot steamy date! ;) (Disclaimer: Individuals tend to get jealous after seeing the shirt - be careful). The red color symbolizes courage and expresses your love for life. A great Yankee Swap / Secret Santa Present! Buy it while supplies last.:91283:$15
longsleeve:The Offical Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose long sleeve t-shirt allows for maximum comfort. This t-shirt allows for full ventilation, while keeping you warm and comfy throughout the day! Be bold, make a statement with this t-shirt. The black color makes it a perfect staple item for funerals.:133292:$30
long sleeve:The Offical Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose long sleeve t-shirt allows for maximum comfort. This t-shirt allows for full ventilation, while keeping you warm and comfy throughout the day! Be bold, make a statement with this t-shirt. The black color makes it a perfect staple item for funerals.:133292:$30
long sleeve tshirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose long sleeve t-shirt allows for maximum comfort. This t-shirt allows for full ventilation, while keeping you warm and comfy throughout the day! Be bold, make a statement with this t-shirt. The black color makes it a perfect staple item for funerals.:133292:$30
longsleevetshirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose long sleeve t-shirt allows for maximum comfort. This t-shirt allows for full ventilation, while keeping you warm and comfy throughout the day! Be bold, make a statement with this t-shirt. The black color makes it a perfect staple item for funerals.:133292:$30
long sleeve t-shirt:The Offical Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt:The Official Tanya Singh Long Sleeve T-Shirt is a staple for anyone’s closet! This multipurpose long sleeve t-shirt allows for maximum comfort. This t-shirt allows for full ventilation, while keeping you warm and comfy throughout the day! Be bold, make a statement with this t-shirt. The black color makes it a perfect staple item for funerals.:133292:$30
mug:The Offical Tanya Singh Mug:The Official Tanya Singh Mug is a staple item for everyday life! Start off your day with a warm mug of Joe with your good ol’ pal Tanya. This mug reminds you to keep your head up, even during the worst of days. This mug is a great housewarming gift, and is sure to brighten up any and all households it enters. With a picture of Tanya on the mug, it is sure to keep all of your beverages hot & steamy ;):7387:$20
cup:The Offical Tanya Singh Mug:The Official Tanya Singh Mug is a staple item for everyday life! Start off your day with a warm mug of Joe with your good ol’ pal Tanya. This mug reminds you to keep your head up, even during the worst of days. This mug is a great housewarming gift, and is sure to brighten up any and all households it enters. With a picture of Tanya on the mug, it is sure to keep all of your beverages hot & steamy ;):7387:$20
totebag:The Offical Tanya Singh Tote Bag:The Official Tanya Singh Tote Bag is a staple item for any outfit! The versatile beige color of the bag, allows it to match with any article of clothing. Not only does it provide lots of extra space and support, but it also has a smiley Tanya on the front! Tired of having to smile at passerby-er’s every time you leave the house? Not a problem! With Tanya’s face plastered on the front of the bag, you no longer will have to! People’s eyes will either be drawn to your stylish bag and will be welcomed and greeted by Tanya or best case scenario - after seeing your tote bag, they won’t even try to make eye contact! A WIN WIN WIN. What are you waiting for? Buy your bag today!:92739:$25
tote bag:The Offical Tanya Singh Tote Bag:The Official Tanya Singh Tote Bag is a staple item for any outfit! The versatile beige color of the bag, allows it to match with any article of clothing. Not only does it provide lots of extra space and support, but it also has a smiley Tanya on the front! Tired of having to smile at passerby-er’s every time you leave the house? Not a problem! With Tanya’s face plastered on the front of the bag, you no longer will have to! People’s eyes will either be drawn to your stylish bag and will be welcomed and greeted by Tanya or best case scenario - after seeing your tote bag, they won’t even try to make eye contact! A WIN WIN WIN. What are you waiting for? Buy your bag today!:92739:$25
bag:The Offical Tanya Singh Tote Bag:The Official Tanya Singh Tote Bag is a staple item for any outfit! The versatile beige color of the bag, allows it to match with any article of clothing. Not only does it provide lots of extra space and support, but it also has a smiley Tanya on the front! Tired of having to smile at passerby-er’s every time you leave the house? Not a problem! With Tanya’s face plastered on the front of the bag, you no longer will have to! People’s eyes will either be drawn to your stylish bag and will be welcomed and greeted by Tanya or best case scenario - after seeing your tote bag, they won’t even try to make eye contact! A WIN WIN WIN. What are you waiting for? Buy your bag today!:92739:$25
tote:The Offical Tanya Singh Tote Bag:The Official Tanya Singh Tote Bag is a staple item for any outfit! The versatile beige color of the bag, allows it to match with any article of clothing. Not only does it provide lots of extra space and support, but it also has a smiley Tanya on the front! Tired of having to smile at passerby-er’s every time you leave the house? Not a problem! With Tanya’s face plastered on the front of the bag, you no longer will have to! People’s eyes will either be drawn to your stylish bag and will be welcomed and greeted by Tanya or best case scenario - after seeing your tote bag, they won’t even try to make eye contact! A WIN WIN WIN. What are you waiting for? Buy your bag today!:92739:$25
baseballhat:The Offical Tanya Singh Baseball Hat:The Official Tanya Singh Baseball Hat is a staple for any and every baseball game. Family keeps fighting every Thanksgiving? Retire your old Red Sox baseball cap and replace it with Tanya! Now that’s a team everyone will be able to stand by. Great for Liam’s Sunday afternoon soccer games.:7843:$25
hat:The Offical Tanya Singh Baseball Hat:The Official Tanya Singh Baseball Hat is a staple for any and every baseball game. Family keeps fighting every Thanksgiving? Retire your old Red Sox baseball cap and replace it with Tanya! Now that’s a team everyone will be able to stand by. Great for Liam’s Sunday afternoon soccer games.:7843:$25
cap:The Offical Tanya Singh Baseball Hat:The Official Tanya Singh Baseball Hat is a staple for any and every baseball game. Family keeps fighting every Thanksgiving? Retire your old Red Sox baseball cap and replace it with Tanya! Now that’s a team everyone will be able to stand by. Great for Liam’s Sunday afternoon soccer games.:7843:$25
baseball hat:The Offical Tanya Singh Baseball Hat:The Official Tanya Singh Baseball Hat is a staple for any and every baseball game. Family keeps fighting every Thanksgiving? Retire your old Red Sox baseball cap and replace it with Tanya! Now that’s a team everyone will be able to stand by. Great for Liam’s Sunday afternoon soccer games.:7843:$25
